.TH NFO-MODIFIER 1 "April 18, 2014"
.SH NAME
nfo-modifier \- viewer for NFO files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nfo-modifier
[\fIOPTION...\fR]

.B nfo-modifier
--create-data profile.data

.B nfo-modifier
--load-data profile.data --create-profile MyProfile header.txt border.txt body.txt footer.txt

.B nfo-modifier
--load-data profile.data -ls

.B nfo-modifier
-ld profile.data --profile MyProfile --content content.txt --output-file myCoolNFO.nfo

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
nfo-modifier is a Java application that allows the modification of .nfo files
(i.e. encoded in cp437 ) and provides several tools to ease the creation and
manipulation of nfo.

.PP

Options:
.I   --file,-f [file]   Open the specified [file] and display it.
  --create-data, -cd [file]		Create a new empty profile data file named [file].
  --load-data, -ld [file]		Load the profile data file named [file].
  --profile,-p [option]			Choose the profile to use.
  --create-profile,-cp [option1..5] 	Create a new profile, the first option is the name, followed by 4 files in the following order: header, body, border and footer. Need to use --load-data before.
  --delete-profile [option]		Delete a profile matching [option] name. Need to use --load-data before.
  --list-profiles,-ls		List all the profile names store. Need to use --load-data before.
  --output-log [file]		Specify a [file] to store displayed messages, if not specified the default output is used. For a file to store cp437 data see --output-file
  --output-file,-o [file]		Specify a [file] to store cp437 displayed data, if not specified the default output is used with default (readable) encoding.
  --no-gui				Do not create the Graphical User Interface.
  --silent				Turn off messages AND nfo output, you may need --output-log and --output-file.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Alexandre Rio <contact@alexrio.fr>.
